## Getting started

To install this app:

1. Clone repo.
2. Create a .env file based on **.env.example** and fill APP_KEY, APP_URL and MIX_ASSET_URL.
3. Create a database and configure it on **.env**.
4. Run `php artisan migrate`
5. Run `php artisan db:seed` (only if you want demo data)

### To run using Docker

After cloning the repo:
- Execute `./commands dockerize dev`. This will create a container running with a containerized database already linked to the app. 
- Execute `./commands dockerize`. If you are going to point your own database in **.env** file.

**Note:** `commands` script was created to inject ENV variables on the current bash running the docker command. This way we can simulate and environment like CD/CI platforms (Bitbucket Pipelines, AWS CodePipeline, etc.) where the environment variables are already set when building the container image and there is no need to upload a harcoded .env file.


### Special Environment Variables

- **APP_PROXY_URL**: Only set this variable when you are using proxies and you need laravel to use a forced URL instead of resolving it automatically. Because proxies sometimes mess up with the final origin php will get at the end.
- **ASSET_URL**: To force the assets URL to be used by laravel. Usually automatic resolving works fine, but it may be necessary to set it with reverse proxies.
- **MIX_ASSET_URL**: To set url generated by mix() function.
- **RELATIVE_PUBLIC_PATH**: To set the public folder location relative to app folder. For example when you install the app outside apache's document root directory you will have to mantein only the public folder.
- **DOCKER_HOST_TARGET_PORT**: To change the host port in which docker container will be attached. This is usefull when you have already running another containers on this app default port.

### Requirements

- Docker >=20.10  (only if you run it USING Docker)
- PHP 7.4 (only if you run it OUTSIDE Docker)
- MySQL 5.7 (only if you run it OUTSIDE Docker)
